Our contacts in our service are built out now remains the question most how are we going to get authentication
to run?
When are OP immediately loads on the screen?
Well, let me show you, because this is an interesting this is an interesting concept that we need
to work through.
Now, if you remember when we went through our setup, we set up this infrastructure folder and the
infrastructure folder had a navigation folder.
And in that navigation folder, we set up the index file and we set this up with a purpose back then.
And that purpose was eventually to extend out the App Navigator, to also render out the authentication
navigation at some point.
This is that point which we now need to make smart decisions.
And so what we're going to do is we're going to import use context.
From react and we're going to.
Get the is authenticated from the authentication context, so if we go and we say import the authentication
context and we do that from dot, dot, dot, dot, slash services, slash authentication, slash authentication
context, we now have the ability to know whether or not you are authenticated and based solely off
that we can make so many smart decisions.
So let's go ahead and import view and text from react native.
And what we can see here is that if we said something like is authenticated.
Questionmark, then Warrender App Navigator otherwise will render out the view.
With some text that's going to show us you're not authenticated.
And this is going to allow us to build out our long term goal, which is the infrastructure for authentication,
and we can see right here, we're not authenticated.
So what we would actually want to build inside of here is not necessarily the view in text.
No, no.
What we want to do is we want to build out something way better, which is the account navigator, which
is going to be the account level, consideration or feature with which we're going to interact with
authentication, because when we're talking about authentication, we're talking about authenticating
an account.
So let's build out an account navigator.
That account navigator is going to come from account, that navigator.
And then we're going to go in here.
We're going to say new file account dot navigator.
That's going to allow us to basically build out everything we need in order to be able to log a user
in.
OK, so if we if we know that, well, what is the account navigator look like, well, we'll import
react from react, we'll take in a navigation container.
Mo, you told us we don't need a navigation container, we don't need a navigation container because
it's already being used at the app level.
Oh, yeah.
Is it?
Huh?
I thought it was being used at the App Navigator level.
Oh, it's over here.
Over here.
We're using a navigation container.
OK, OK.
So because the navigation container is wrapping up navigator, we actually do needed an account navigator.
Now could we move it up to the index.
Potentially.
I like to put the navigation containers closer to the actual navigator that is using them.
But in any case, it's perfectly fine to say let's take the navigation container here and let's move
it up a level because we don't really want to duplicate some code just because.
So let's take this let's go over here.
Let's take that.
And what we can do now is we can put this in braces and we can say, hey, return us a navigation container.
And let's slash that navigation container and then let's just put this code right inside of there,
and that's going to allow us to render out the correct navigation container when we need to.
And that way we don't need a navigation container here.
So we moved it up from the navigator.
Both both ways are completely acceptable.
But this is slightly better because now we don't need to duplicate the usage of navigation container.
Let's just structure our imports here.
I don't like these imports mixing with these imports.
OK, so knowing that now we can go back to our account navigator and what we need to import is a stack
navigator.
So we're going to create a Stack Navigator and we're going to just call it Stack.
And now what we need to do is we need to define what our screens are going to be now, for that, we're
going to export CONSED Account Navigator.
That's going to return a function that's going to have the stock navigator set up for us and we're going
to do that thought navigator.
OK, Hederman nun, we don't want to in or Steck, and now we can start setting up the stack screens.
So first off, we're going to have our main screen, which is going to be just our screen, where we
kind of decide if we're going to log in or register.
We're going to call that our account screen.
But for now, let's just render out.
No.
Well, actually, you know what, let's render out import text and view from Riak native, just temporarily
put something there from Riak native.
And what we're going to do is put up a view.
And that text is going to be filled with text, the account screen.
Then we're going to have our login screen just as well, so we're going to have something called login.
And we're going to call that login screen I mistyped here.
And now that we have both these screens, what we can do is we can go look and we can see that we are
on the account screen.
So that's the screen that's rendering when we're not authenticated and what we're going to do on the
account screen in the next video.
First of all, we're going to build out what the accounts screen looks like and then we're going to
build out the login screen and eventually we'll look at, well, how do I register, how do I log out
and all of that good stuff.